hi guys is dima telephone at macarthur
rock on i'm posting this video just to
prove to that custom for six months or
so magn SP stuff fake um the guys of T
Mac matte and Jack post a new video
today that sort of the system of the
future on it available in 46.7 solo
however they made one hell out that
pretty much gave it all away so he
I wonder person 6100 I got messing
before I'm on the back as you go up the
system update it bounces up to the two
options to slide on the place to play
access you whether to update via the
internet or via the stove is me there
t-mac got this part right however the
person light the highlight I want tax
update via internet slightly comes out
to about here instead of we're supposed
to be right there wrapping around object
update daily internet text in fact um I
that you saw in the video it's actually
what would or could have been useful of
dubious stoves media and since that's
the nifty ever that the forgot to covet
a clearly shows that their formula is
edited or the video or whatever was
edited and I would define the proof it's
still night clicking so that's all I
wanted to show you i'm pretty much that
other developers like free play and if
math or so until 33 Alec maybe dog added
himself maybe bigger system like I'll be
helpful
ice it was so so a Mac it's not about a
fake and that's all for now so I packed
my concert for more side updates